Thank you very much. Appreciate it very much. I’m honored to welcome doctors, scientists, industry executives, and state and local leaders to our historic Operation Warp Speed Vaccine Summit. It’s been some journey for all of us. It’s been an incredible success. We’re grateful to be joined by Vice President Mike Pence who has done an absolutely incredible job on the coronavirus task force. Mike, thank you. Stand up, Mike. Great job.

We’re here to discuss a monumental national achievement. From the instant the coronavirus invaded our shores, we raced into action to develop a safe and effective vaccine at breakneck speed. It would normally take five years, six years, seven years, or even more. In order to achieve this goal, we harnessed the full power of government, the genius of American scientists and the might of American industry to save millions and millions of lives all over the world. We’re just days away from authorization from the FDA and we’re pushing them hard, at which point we will immediately begin mass distribution.

Before Operation Warp Speed, the typical timeframe for development, an approval as you now, could be infinity. And we were very, very happy that we were able to get things done at a level that nobody has ever seen before. The gold standard vaccine has been done in less than nine months. On behalf of the entire nation, I want to thank everyone here today who has been involved in this extraordinary American initiative. I also want to recognize members of my administration who have worked tirelessly in this effort. Alex Azar, please, Alex. Where’s Alex? Thank you, Alex. Great job. Moncef Slaoui, where are you, Moncef? Thank you very much. Great job. A man who’s now going to be very important, General Gus Perna, I have no doubt about it. Right? Logistic. Jared Kushner, who’s worked so hard. Where’s Jared? Jared, wherever you may be, thank you. Thank you, Jared.

Dr. Deborah Birx. Deborah, thank you very much, Deborah. Admiral Brett Giroir. Where is Brett? Great job you’ve been doing, Brett. Surgeon General, Jerome Adams. Jerome, thank you very much. Terrific. Dr. Robert Redfield, Robert, thank you very much. Appreciate it. Administrator Seema Verma, Seema, thank you. Dr. Peter Marks, Peter, where’s Peter? Thank you. Paul Mango, Adam Bowler and Brad Smith. Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you all very much. Incredible job. And many others also, many, many others.

We’re also grateful to be joined by Governors Greg Abbott, where is Greg? Bill Lee, Bill. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Bill. Ron DeSantis, Ron, thank you, Ron. Thank you. Thank you very much. Great job, Ron. And John Bel Edwards, John Bel, thank you. Thank you, John Bel. Thank you very much. As well as Senator John Barrasso who’s a fantastic doctor also, by the way. I have to say. When I need info on that subject, I call up John. Thank you, John, very much. Senator Steve Daines, congratulations on a great win, great win. That was easier than you thought it turned out, right? It was a little easier than you thought. Great going. We’re proud of you. Congressman Greg Walden, Greg. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. And Congressmen Brad Wenstrup. Thank you, Brad. Great job, and many, many others.